core.jar (BSD 3 clause license):

Copyright 2013 Samuel Halliday (generated Java and C).
Copyright 2003-2007 Keith Seymour (Fortran to Java translation).
Copyright 1992-2007 The University of Tennessee. All rights reserved.
 
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met:

 - Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
 
 - Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer listed
    in this license in the documentation and/or other materials
    provided with the distribution.

 - Neither the name of the copyright holders nor the names of its
   contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from
   this software without specific prior written permission.
 
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS
"AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR
A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT
OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE,
DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY
THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE
OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.


arpack_combined_all.jar (BSD 2 clause license):

Copyright © 2016 The University of Tennessee. All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met:

 - Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

 - Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer listed
   in this license in the documentation and/or other materials provided
   with the distribution.

 - Neither the name of the copyright holders nor the names of its
   contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from
   this software without specific prior written permission.

This software is provided by the copyright holders and contributors
"as is" and any express or implied warranties, including, but not
limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for
a particular purpose are disclaimed. in no event shall the copyright
owner or contributors be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental,
special, exemplary, or consequential damages (including, but not
limited to, procurement of substitute goods or services; loss of use,
data, or profits; or business interruption) however caused and on any
theory of liability, whether in contract, strict liability, or tort
(including negligence or otherwise) arising in any way out of the use
of this software, even if advised of the possibility of such damage.


mtj.jar (LGPL):

Copyright (C) 2003-2006 Bjørn-Ove Heimsund 

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License as
published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2.1 of the
License, or (at your option) any later version.
 
This library is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but
WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU
Lesser General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public
License along with this library; if not, write to the Free Software
Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA 02111-1307
USA
